We the People of the United States elected a populist president to go to Washington DC and make the changes the people want. Sounds good on paper.Unless the people don’t know what they want.That’s the situation with health care. The public doesn’t have any majority opinion on what a comprehensive plan should look like. The topic is too complicated and the public is too uninformed. We sent President Trump into battle unarmed. If We the People find a way to tell our president what we want, I have confidence he can help us get it. But if we don’t know what we want, our populist president has nothing to sell. That’s our situation today. We elected the world’s greatest salesman and gave him no product to sell to Congress. Don’t say “repeal Obamacare.” That’s not a health care plan. That’s just a step.What we need is a “people’s plan” for health care that does not originate from congress or lobbyists or the healthcare industry. We need 1-3 sensible plans created by the public, and presented to our populist president for selling to Congress. No other path is likely to succeed.To get the ball rolling, I created the hashtag #PeoplesPlanHealth to capture the various ideas coming from the public. If any of those plans emerge as popular (based on retweets, likes, etc.) I have offered to help turn what is likely to be a complicated idea into something simple and persuasive. Once we have a plan with popular support, and persuasive packaging, I will make sure it gets to the right people in the White House. One way or another. (Twitter is probably enough.)Here’s my Periscope in which I talk about this in more detail.—Speaking of lowering healthcare costs, apparently I am doing my part. Doctors are rallying around the systems-based diet ideas (just one chapter) in my book. See the comments on this tweet for how much weight people are losing after reading it.My critics have been extra vocal lately in saying I should stop writing about North Korea because I have no expertise in that area. So I decided to talk about North Korea some more. Today I’ll tell you how to end North Korea’s nuclear ambitions at a reasonable cost.The entire GDP for North Korea is under $13 billion. China’s trade with North Korea is valued at under $3 billion per year. An article in Newsweek recently said most of that trade involves only ten Chinese companies. South Korea pays close to $1 billion per year to support U.S. troops there. I think we pay at least that much too. And that’s not counting navy assets in the area, I assume.The South Korean military budget hovers around $40 billion. The U.S. military budget is over $600 billion per year. And North Korea is our biggest threat to the homeland. We could make all ten Chinese companies financially whole by allocating .005 of the military budget to paying them to find new suppliers and new markets. We might even become those new suppliers and markets in some cases.As I often say in this blog, the key to deal-making is that the parties need to want different things. The Chinese companies trading with North Korea want profits, and the United States wants security. That’s the perfect set-up for a deal. The deal looks like this: “Take our money for ten years (only), stop trading with North Korea, and find new suppliers and customers, or we’ll turn out your lights with cyberattacks that look like they came from Russia.”That’s the first-draft version. We can probably tighten that up a bit with lawyers and stuff.Obviously this plan doesn’t work if the real problem is that the Chinese government wants to keep the North Korean nuclear threat the way it is. But that line of thinking never sounded credible to me. I’m also a bit skeptical that the Chinese fear mass immigration if North Korea falls apart. That seems like a smaller problem than nuclear war on the peninsula. But I could be wrong about that.I could also be wrong about everything else in this post. I’m not an expert on North Korea. But as an American citizen, I have the right to wonder aloud why my government is skipping the cheap, non-military option for pressuring North Korea. If the government wants public support for whatever option they end up taking, it would help to keep citizens better informed than we are now, including me. —You might enjoy reading my book because I am not an expert on North Korea.I saw a news item about border security seizing $500K worth of marijuana at the border. The agent being interviewed said this was not unusual.What do they do with all of that seized marijuana? I assume they destroy it after taking home whatever they can fit in their pockets. (I kid the border patrol.)But let’s think creatively for a minute. California’s cannabis dispensaries would happily purchase that weed and sell it to consumers. Why not sell it to state-legal dispensaries and use the proceeds to help pay for the wall?This plan would require changes in federal law. But that’s doable. Or at least it would be, if we had a functioning Congress.I don’t expect this to happen because Congress is not effective. They’ll let that low-hanging fruit rot.Add that to your reasons for despising them. They earned it.Three new blog posts in less than two hours! What blend of Sunday morning coffee are you drinking Scott? Or is this just aggressive A-B testing?This plan would require changes in federal law. But that’s doable. Or at least it would be, if we had a functioning Congress.It would take another Trump cabinet firing as well. Which he's clearly been working himself up to.He needs to keep his social media traffic up. Doesn't matter if he's right or wrong or off the deep end - it's all about clicks.I'm guessing out my ass here, but I bet the 10 companies are State-Owned Enterprises (SOEs) of which the Chinese government owns. The CPC owns great swathes of the critical sectors of the Chinese economy. Whenever some socialist chortles and writes off China as capitalist, they're not. It's like the US government owning General Motors, US Steel, Motorola, and the Federal Reserve. All of these are private corporations that don't report to the US government for instructions. There's no 13th 5 Year Plan in America. Even if there was, who would follow it? Companies would do whatever they damn well please.It is a common Chinese negotiating trick to say that their hands are tied due to the actions of a third party. "We tried to get that money to you to pay for your technology, but someone denied our bank transfer. Whoops sorry! We're just going to have to keep your payment, unless you want to come to our office and take delivery of bags of 100 yuan notes." Not surprised the CPC has gone this route. "These ten companies refuse to change, and we the all-powerful government can do nothing! Our hands are tied! We asked them nicely and everything!"I don't believe for a second that China is afraid to control the mental defective who runs North Korea. They are just using the psychopath as a card to maintain the advantages that past US Presidents gifted them in trade.Well, NK isn't China's lapdog, no matter what anyone might say. The Chinese went to Burma and told the Burmese, "drop this crap and do it our way, you'll make a ton of money. Just look at us!" And the Burmese did, and allowed elections (excluding that vile Sun Kyi lady) and now they're rolling in cash. Burma today is like China 30 years ago.China went to NK and tried the same line, but the Norks would have none of it. The Nork population would very much like to have an open society and jobs and unemployment and all the ills that go along with Western countries. The elites will have none of it though, and will fight before they allow the people power. Rather similar to our own elites, actually.